Adding Pages for Discord Bot Videos 1 and 2 (#2861)
CodingTrain/website: _learning/discord-bot/index.md

---
title: Discord Bot
layout: series-index
playlist_id:
redirect_from:
  - /discord-bot
---

> These videos show how to make a discord bot with discord.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🤖 How to create a Discord bot with discord.js! 🤖 
```
